# 2048Game
Tochi Onwuasoanya
This is a graphical version of the game 2048 I made for my CSC 172 class at UofR. For context, 2048 is a popular sliding block game first made by Gabriele Cirulli. The objective is to slide numbered tiles on a grid to combine them to create a tile with the number 2048 (or more). In this project, I used Java and it was made in Eclipse. A big part of the game is the use of threads as they are able to interact with shared resources, and communication is possible between multiple threads. Threads allow a program to operate more efficiently by doing multiple things at the same time and can be used to perform complicated tasks in the background without interrupting the main program. As one of the requirements was for the board to update, threads were really useful in updating all types of methods and functions. Using threads were also useful in allowing multiple events to happen at the same time. More information on the specifics of how I made the game are in the comments of the program. Once the user starts the application, there will be three buttons, "play", "scores", and "Exit Game." 
"Exit game" will close the application, and "scores" will send the user to their game records, where their top scores and fastest times are kept. There is a back button for users to use once they go to their game records so that they can go back to the main menu.
In order to play the game, the user should click on "play" and the game will start. Use the WASD keys to move and combine tiles while playing. While playing the game, your score and the time elapsed will be continiously updated until the user loses. Upon losing, your score and time will be recoreded. Once you lose, there will be three options: "Back to Main Menu", "Quit" and "Restart". All these options will send you to a confirmation menu, where you just have to press labeled buttons in order to confirm the action you wanted to do after the game ended. 
*Please cite any code you use*
